This lesson, you will set up a class that can run integration tests.
You'll notice that your project comes with a test class that is annotated with spring boot test.
The Spring Boot Test annotation is for integration testing because integration testing spans the controller,
the repository, the service.
It's going to need beans.
The spring boot test annotation loads the spring container.
It loads the spring context.
It will scan your entire application for components and register them as beans.
So at this point, the great controller bean lives inside of the spring container, which means we can
auto wire it.
We're going to auto wire.
The great controller being.
Inside of a controller variable.
And now after it loads the spring container, after it loads the spring context, this life cycle method
context loads is going to run here.
We can perform a sanity check and verify that the controller is not null was a being actually injected
into the following variable so we can say assert that is assert that deprecated.
Interesting.
Never mind.
We'll just say assert not null and we will assert that the controller is not null.
A bean was injected into it.
All right.
I think it worked.
And it did.
Our test passes, we successfully loaded the spring container and then auto wired the controller been.
Now the next step is to configure the mock MVC.
You need mock MVC in order to mock a get or post request against one of your controllers handler methods.
The beauty about to Mark MVC is that you can test how your app handles web requests without running
or deploying your application.
So what you'll do is you will annotate your class with auto configure mock MVC.
And as the name suggests, this is going to auto configure your mock MVC.
In other words, to be more specific, this will register the mock MVC bean inside of the spring container.
It's going to live as an object inside of the spring context, which means we can auto wire the mock
MVC being right here.
We will.
Auto wire.
The Mock MVC bean.
Into the following variable.
And after the context loads we can verify that the mock MVC bean is not null assert not null mock MVC.
Both assertions pass, which means that both objects are not null and we're off to a really good start.
Now we don't actually need to auto wire the controller bean.
This was just for demonstration purposes, so remove it.
And that's all.
So to recap, you set up a class that can run integration tests.
Spring Boot test starts up the application by loading the spring boot context and scanning for beans.
You also annotated the class with auto configure mock MVC.
This annotation, as the name suggests, auto configure is your mock MVC.
It's going to register the mock MVC bean inside of the spring container, which is subsequently auto
wired, and now we're ready to use mock MVC in order to make mock requests.
So you soon.